Document ghc 84077 (#84)
haskell/error-messages: message-index/messages/GHC-84077/index.md

---
title: Type Application Without Space
summary:  Parsing error of type application
introduced: 9.4.1
severity: error
---

> Type application syntax requires a space before `@`. Please check [documentation](https://ghc.gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/doc/users_guide/exts/type_applications.html#visible-type-application) of visible type application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type application syntax requires a space before `@`. This is described in the [documentation](https://ghc.gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/doc/users_guide/exts/type_applications.html#visible-type-application) of the visible type application feature.
```
